Add  Github to Jira Automation Information (#45)
ansible-collections/cloud-content-handbook: github_to_jira_automation.md

# GitHub to Jira Automation

**Note:** This functionality is a work in progress and not yet live. This document will be updated once the automation is fully operational.

## Summary

For repositories maintained by the Cloud Content team, GitHub issues tagged with the `jira` label will be picked up by an automation process that creates corresponding Jira tickets in the **ACA** project backlog.

## Automation Workflow

1. A user adds the `jira` label to a GitHub issue.
2. An AWS Lambda function, running on a schedule like a cron job, periodically checks for new issues with the `jira` label.
3. When a new labeled issue is found, a corresponding Jira issue is created and placed in the **ACA backlog**.

## Details

- Uses a dedicated **Jira bot/service account**.
- The script authenticates with **Jira** and **GitHub** using the team account’s **Personal Access Tokens (PATs)**.
- The PATs and Jira service account credentials are:
  - Stored securely in the team’s **Bitwarden vault**

>   - Also added to **AWS Secrets Manager** for use by the Lambda

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Also added to **AWS Secrets Manager** for use by the Lambda function.
```

small suggestion, feel free to disregard if it's not helpful/is detrimental to accuracy.

# GitHub to Jira Automation

**Note:** This functionality is a work in progress and not yet live. This document will be updated once the automation is fully operational.

## Summary

For repositories maintained by the Cloud Content team, adding the `jira` label to a GitHub issue will trigger an automation that creates a corresponding Jira ticket in the **ACA** project backlog.

## Automation Workflow

1. A user adds the `jira` label to a GitHub issue.

> 2. An AWS Lambda function (running in the team AWS account) is triggered.

Reviewer 2: This is not the way we should express that. The lambda process is running like a `cron-job`, which means it is not triggered when the `jira` label is added but instead periodically inspect new issues with the `jira` label

Author: fixed

3. When a new labeled issue is found, a corresponding Jira issue is created and placed in the **ACA backlog**.

## Details

- Uses a dedicated **Jira bot/service account**.

> - The script authenticates with Jira using a **Personal Access Token (PAT)**.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- The script authenticates with Jira using the service account's **Personal Access Token (PAT)**.
```

> - The Jira PAT and Jira bot/service account credentials are:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- The PAT and the credentials of the service account are:
```

  - Stored securely in the team’s **Bitwarden vault**
  - Also added to AWS **Secrets Manager** for use by the Lambda

> - The script authenticates with GitHub using a **Personal Access Token (PAT)**.

Reviewer 3: This is repeated
